Define terms in documentation on first use, and refer back to definition when used in other documents (#1254)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/build-workflows/a2a-client.md

The following examples demonstrate A2A client usage:

> - Math Assistant A2A Example - A2A communication with hybrid tool composition. See `examples/A2A/math_assistant_a2a/README.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Math Assistant A2A Example - A2A communication with hybrid tool composition. Refer to `examples/A2A/math_assistant_a2a/README.md`.
```
